Storage plots fix #444 (#666)
rl-institut/multi-vector-simulator: CHANGELOG.md

- New module `exceptions.py` in `multi_vector_simulator.utils` to gather custom MVS exceptions (#656)
- New argument for functions `E1.convert_demand_to_dataframe`, `F1.plot_timeseries`, `F2.ready_timeseries_plots` (#665)
- File .github/workflow/main.yml for github actions (#668)

> - Plot showing state of charge (SOC) of storages of each bus separately, as it is provided in % (#444)

Author: see other comment below

> - "SOC" as string representative in `utils/constants.py`, used in `F1` and `E0` (#444)

Author: oh oh... sorry! you're right

### Changed
- Function `utils.compare_input_parameters_with_reference` accepts parameters as dict for json comparison (#656)
- Move A1 and C0 custom exceptions into `multi_vector_simulator.utils.exceptions.py` (#656)
- Adapt `E1.convert_demand_to_dataframe` for multiple sectors (#656)
- Improve the demands section of the autoreport: Divide the demand tables and plots sector-wise (#665)

> - Modify `E1.get_timeseries_per_bus()` to add `INPUT_POWER` and respectively`OUTPUT_POWER` to a storage component directly connected to the a bus to fix #444 and add logging.info (#444)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Modify `E1.get_timeseries_per_bus()` to add `INPUT_POWER` and respectively `OUTPUT_POWER` to a storage component directly connected to the a bus to fix #444 and add logging.debug(#666)
```
I would change it to a logging.debug: We cant think of a reason why this should be wrong, so the normal user doesnt need to know.

### Removed
- File .travis.yml (#668)
- SOC from storages from busses' plots (in `F1.create_plotly_flow_fig()`) but not from `OPTIMZIED_FLOWS` so that it is still added to 'timeseries.xlsx' (#444)

### Fixed

> - storage label definition (remove filename) and use `LABEL` instead (#444)

Author: oh oh... sorry!
